Hi guys this is how you made one in
dresser then I'll show you
I'll do it here with the front
from my daughter's closet drawer
then I'm taking here these handles is here
so the eyes now do there is to
be able to put the laptop in the same color
that is what I am doing in
Such a dresser, I'll take the screw
here I will not take it all because it 's just for
be ready for acceptance
ease so I'll take ye no real easy
has mystery is more a do it yourself
I'm going to take that little tip that also
that's even right
until I leave what ?
but then I'll take it and when I go
pinching here can count on the vote of
you will see
shortly
Good, I've already removed the knobs and
Everton from here I got there now
I'm going to here she'll hear the contact already
suddenly it 's cut and when I start
to put these things I go back to
you will see
Look how fast people I'm already.
marking here the contact other side who
Try but numberings here do not notice
because it is every one in the shadow of his act
recorded
but there already marketing with pencil that is
everything marked everything marked there I
marked here marked here will give to
There was no doubling there, I'll cut it here.
also
the monkey also made three lines people
for the boat that three lines still
Above and beyond that basic cleaning and I'm going
cut off off knows so do not have
mystery slaps with tatiana super easy to
work everything in here
detail mines I could not reach
with ease contact though when the
people see here on youtube and everyone
speak it is very cheap at home
stationery 7 and such but in my case here
from the west on the big field
It was not easy for a wife to cry.
they were young and movie is expensive because
it was not just a meter it was much more than
a second goal he was one of the 30
almost forty reais but it is still
an inexpensive option I should cite
customizing wall and 9 of your house
So let's continue, I'll start the
cut and already I come and go with it
to contribute money soon
ready I finished cutting here
O
today the marquinhos with whom it is about that
ps here obviously was not enough art
with to do is in the eiffel tower is to bounce
he in front
Anyway, I used this
chaga saw had 36 in the basin here before
the dem
I left now I 'm going to turn
I'll paste it , I 'll come back to finish it.
It's okay, kiss, people, taking the young man.
my daughter had put
here like this here I saw a tale of
imperfection has at the forefront of this
Here you are, for example.
O lord say why she took that
also tells you that you have the same load
business is the following here when it starts
to put the contact you want a little
when you begin to trust that in
contact with the move has not always responded
T-shirt
so I 've been holding it down here is
an eleven holding satire pulling
I have come to make the verb
just super easy with the help of the rule is
in an air bubble in a lawyer of his
here at the beginning you can save more
In the end, it's not, so this is it and now photo
already with hiv it was done okay
this part that is ready passing to
me to give zinho referrals to
stay in the bubble or anything like that
is getting good and the result was this
super fast I made it myself
contact zone only
not only waiting for the parents' daughter
I did not even try to do this
time here
finally my princess's drawer is
ready
I hope you liked writing write
that channel kisses and until the next
video